The European Central Bank wanted to have bridges on its banknotes.
The problem was that the euro used 12 states and the banknotes existed in only 7 values.
They could not be neutral and take one bridge from each country,
therefore designer Robert Kalina created fictitious bridges,
which would represent the whole of Europe.
No one could complain that they missed it because the bridges did not exist.
Except...
Welcome to Spijkenisse near Rotterdam.
A few years ago, an apartment complex was built on this island
and the designer thought to build these bridges
and to put them all in the Netherlands.
They are exactly the same. They are built in the same style.
Even in the very bright colors that actually look bizarre.
You can also find abstract statues that look nice on paper,
but in fact they are weird.
The higher the value of the banknote, the more modern the bridge.
If you have a banknote of 500 euros, the bridge looks like this pink ... thing.
The European Central Bank liked this idea and therefore approved it.
People like it too.
It has become a small tourist attraction
and also the attractions that got on the maps.
How often does anyone build the infrastructure just like a joke?
Translation: Mithril www.videacesky.cz